#GitHub README for PieceAPC
##Overview
PieceAPC is a web application that is used to search for pc parts using [NewEgg-Api](https://github.com/chrismagnacca/newegg-api) and adding them to a "Computer". They use the computer to keep track of parts and build custom computers. This tracks pricing and shows al the parts used in a computer. Users can also search through other users computers and rate them to find other ideas for computers they would like to build.
##Technologies Used
* Ruby 2.2.2
* Rails 4.2.1
* PostgreSQL Database
* Authentication/Authorization through [b-crypt](http://bcrypt-ruby.rubyforge.org.md) 3.1.10
* [NewEgg-Api](https://github.com/chrismagnacca/newegg-api.md)
* [Bootstrap](http://www.getbootstrap.com.md) 3.3.4

##User Stories
* As a user, I can sign up for an account with an email address and password.
* As a user, I can log in and out of my account.
* As a user, I can perform a basic search of computer parts by entering search criteria.
* As a user, I can save specific bottles from search results to a "Computer".
* As a user, I can view a all parts added to a "Computer".
* As a user, I can add or remove parts from a "Computer".
* As a user, I can add or delete multiple Computers.
* As a user, I can view other users computers.
* As a user, I can rate computers based off personal preference.
* As a user, I can sort user computers based off Rating, or Price.

##Links
* [Heroku PieceAPC](http://pieceapc.herokuapp.com.md)
* [PieceAPC GitHub](http://github.com/kotojo/pieceapc.md)
* [Trello](https://trello.com/b/TgOaVPTO/pieceapc.md)
